Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
Father, I thank you for this time of prayer tonight.
Father, we have work to do, and I yield myself to you, Holy Spirit, that you pray through me.
Father, let it be none of me and all of you.
I thank you, Father, that we yield.
We yield to the precious Holy Spirit, that you help us tonight so that we pray and we touch the heart of the Lord.
Thank you, Father.
All glory to Jesus.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Well, good morning, good evening, wherever you are, family.
We're so excited to be with you all again today.
I have some things on my heart tonight.
We went to a healing service, and boy, was it glorious.
You know, there were people getting healed of all kinds of things tonight.
But I know I could feel the anointing that was so strong.
The atmosphere shifted, and I always wait for it because when I travel and go see Billy Burke, I wait for that healing anointing to come in the room.
And whenever it shifted, I felt it when these elders were singing on the stage—the Blackwoods, or whatever they were called.
I felt it when it started to shift.
And then Sister Billie led all our family, spread around the room, and started laying hands on the people.
And boy, I tell you what, it was glorious to see the people.
It blesses my heart, though, to see the people get healed.
And then there are certain people that the Lord had spoken to me and told me they were going to go home, and their season on this earth was coming to an end.
And as I was praying—which I never told these people that they were going home, but the Lord had given me prophetic words and I've been praying over certain people—the Lord said to me, he said, 'As of tonight, I've extended their days, Braden.
I'm extending time.
They need to be on this earth more.
So, I'm giving them, because there are healings that manifested, I'm going to give them more time.
' And I said, 'Really?
Really?
' I said, 'That's amazing.
' I said, 'Okay, well, praise the Lord.
' So, these people got their...
It's like when King Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and repented.
I don't think for these people it was about repenting; it was just about their season coming up.
He said, 'I'm extending some people's days for the calling that was on their life.
They are needed more here than over there.
' And he said, 'I'm giving more time for certain people.
' And so, I was blessed by that.
Yesterday, when I did the livestream, my attitude was bad.
And there were things that the Lord had corrected me on privately because of having a bad attitude.
I didn't feel that cloak come on me.
And I told you all, whenever I don't feel that and it's dry, I don't like to leave the prayer up because I don't want to waste your time.
I told Diana, I said, 'These people come, they're desperate.
They don't want to hear me rambling for two hours and have a dry, anemic prayer for two hours.
' And I said, 'When I don't feel it, I feel that cloak come on me.
' I said, 'Lord, what did I do?
' and he corrected me.
I got rebuked on some things.
So, I went in and I repented of my heart, and the Lord...
that cloak immediately came back on.
It was on all day long today.
And the glory of the Lord was...
I went to get some fish to eat to take care of myself.
And I went and got my fish, my rice, and the presence of the Lord was so strong on me all afternoon.
I was driving around like I do at home, and that cloak was on me all day long.
And whenever I was in the meeting tonight, it was all in my head all night.
And I thought he was going to show me some things, but he was just letting me know he was there.
He just told me he was extending some people's lives and things.
And then I got to meet a man who sees similarly to the way the Lord shows things to me.
And I got to talk to him for a little bit privately.
And he has high connections in some government stuff.
But I'm going to tell you this: everything the Lord has had us praying over, God confirmed it tonight.
And I want to tell you, it's nothing about Brandon; it's all glory to Jesus.
And it really, you know, instead of...
sometimes you wonder when you're seeing and you're looking, 'Man, I don't want to get flaky.
I want confirmation.
' And when you have somebody who is a lot older and more polished than you confirm and validate some of the words that God has given you to pray for this nation, it really lifted my spirits.
I don't know very many people like me.
And I don't say that like, 'Oh, Brandon's something.
' I just don't know anybody really like me, and that's just being real with you.
And when you come across another watchman who is polished, it really helps you and encourages you to make you realize that you're not on some bad oregano pizza and you're just...
because sometimes I just go, 'My goodness, Lord, the things you show me to prepare the people that Jesus Christ is coming.
' That's all it's about.
But tomorrow, I get to have my green screen back when I do my livestream tomorrow evening when I pray with y'all.
So, I have my green screen, and all my lights are back.
So, I don't look like I'm in some kind of tunnel with a flashlight on my face.
Hello!
But, you know what?
I'm just expecting...
I sure love our pastors where we go to church, at Glorious Church, seeing the presence of God move.
I had never heard our pastor's testimony before about God healing her heart when she had a tear in her artery and she almost bled out, and the power of God hit her and healed her.
Man, that was glorious to hear that.
I've never heard that, and I've been going to church there for over a year.
I don't know where I've been, but it was amazing to hear it.
And there were so many other amazing testimonies tonight.
You can go on their livestream if you want to hear about the healings that took place.
But glorious!
But tonight, Diana wanted to go down to the front and get prayed for again.
And the power of God hit her so strong.
She went out stiff as a board, and when she came back, the glory of the Lord was on my wife so strong.
And I thought it was strong whenever she goes to a Billy Burke meeting, but I'm telling you, tonight the Lord...
there was an impartation.
And she was like electrocuted; last time her whole hand shook, but this time her hand shook but her whole body shook, and she was feeling fire in her belly.
She said, 'It feels like I had butterflies all in my stomach.
' So, she came up and she was different.
She sat there, and even whenever I was going and getting the kids something to eat tonight, she was underneath the power of God the whole time.
And she said, 'Brandon, my whole head, my whole brain, everything has been...
just feels like I have electricity going through me.
' And so, it was glorious to see my wife get touched by the Holy Spirit again tonight.
It really blessed me.
I got touched, but it was nothing like her.
I told her, I said, 'Man, she keeps getting doses of the Holy Ghost.
' So, yep, praise the Lord.
But I want to go over some of the things that are happening right now on the news.
We had the Kings rallies today, and what a joke that was.
Look, I want to show you some of the pictures of all of the Kings rallies real quick.
This is the Kings Rally protest in Chicago.
Look at that.
Look how many people showed up for that protest in Chicago.
Can you show them, son?
Yeah.
Look at them all.
Can they see it?
Yeah.
We're talking probably 100,000 people plus at that.
We had them all over the United States today.
And to me, it's just the devil.
Of course, y'all, a lot of this is paid protest.
And this is what the Lord showed us was coming.
But from what I have seen so far, our prayers are working.
They were peaceful.
Nobody acted stupid and burnt buildings down or shot anybody, nothing.
Nobody got hurt.
So all glory to Jesus on that.
So that is a big prayer assignment that I believe was successful because the enemy's plan was to cause civil unrest, and that's what we're praying against right now, that we bring peace to our cities, and that's why we have prayer on here.
But look at this.
Are they able to see it?
New York.
That's New York.
Did you know that they took a poll for the New York mayor that's running there, that the Muslim has a 90% approval rating?
90% in that poll.
The other guys barely even hang.
That's incredible to me.
That tells you how bad the reprobate mind is in New York City.
Going that far.
They want to bring Sharia law into New York.
Folks, that tells you we're in the last of the last days.
Things are escalating at such a rapid pace.
So the other part is, are these all king's protests, son?
Yeah.
That is amazing.
All across the country.
The whole country today.
Do they see it?
Yeah.
It's amazing to me.
I mean, shock and awe, in my opinion.
But it just shows you where I told you.
So this is okay.
You don't have to show no more.
So, this is why I try to tell you all we must pray for midterm elections.
We cannot wait until 2026 into the fall and go, 'Well, okay, we're going to pray about this.
' This must be tackled now.
We must pray over this now.
Going into 2026, going in all the way until the November, this time next year, we'll be there.
And we should already have pushed this through.
We should push this through way in advance and not wait.
I mean, by summer of next year, it should already be settled in the spirit realm is what I'm saying.
And so, it's just serious.
The Lord said if we do not pray, if we do not take our authority, even Oklahoma would be divided.
He said it would be split from Miami to Lawton, and that it would be split, and it would be blue and red, and he said, 'You cannot lose Oklahoma to the Democratic party.
We must remain in power for what is coming.
' And this is whenever I saw the state of Texas dividing a line, trying to in the days ahead secede from the United States and create their own area because I saw attacks coming against the Second Amendment, and I saw it would be a place that harbors.
Is that right, son?
Is that the right word?
Harboring?
They would be a harboring state, like you will want to go there if you want to have the Second Amendment, that they would set up laws and they would set up things to protect the Second Amendment, that it would not be able to be taken away from the people regardless of whatever the federal government would say.
So, I saw that, and then I saw Louisiana trying to be a part of that, but they put up borders from the east and on the west, and it was separate.
I thought that was interesting because they have their own port, they have their own oil, they have their own everything, their agriculture, their everything.
It's like they're a little country by themselves because they have their own port, the Gulf.
And so, I thought that was kind of interesting, some of the things that I've seen.
But still, going back to Brandon Brim, he started a church in California in, what was this?
What is this?
Montecito?
Yeah.
Is that right?
I believe it's right.
I believe that's right.
Yeah.
He started a church there.
So I always want to help out somebody.
If you're starting a church and you're just a baby church—and this guy, I know he flows in the gifts of the Spirit, and he's Billy Brim's grandson, and I talked to him in the hall.
The young man is on fire for the Lord.
He walks in signs and wonders.
He sees in the spirit.
He has a great call on his life.
His wife, Destiny, is on fire for the Lord.
She sings like a bird.
And my heart went out to him this time.
And I just really, if you live in the Montecito area in California...
His ministry's name is Brandon Brim Ministries—his name's Brandon, and he flows in the gifting.
He went to heaven.
He's had visitations with angels and all kinds of amazing things.
And I wouldn't recommend something if I thought it was dead.
I'm going to tell you, I'd just blow it off and wouldn't tell you about it at all.
I mean, because I get all kinds of people want me to, but I just felt it in my spirit because he's starting this church out there.
And California needs revival.
California needs revival.
And what better way to do it than with a young man that believes in revival and wants the Holy Ghost to move in Montecito?
And this goes alongside what I told him of my visions of Kim Kardashian, and I saw all the sisters getting born again.
And people were like, 'Oh, Kim Kardashian will never get...
' Don't count the Holy Spirit out.
If He can save me, if He can save you, how could He not save them?
'Well, I'm not as bad as them.
' How do you know?
Yeah, we see things and, yeah, they've been into the porn industries and all that stuff, but God can use anybody He wants.
And so, I want to say, don't be quick to judge what God can do with these young women.
Yeah, they're probably my age, but I believe God's going to do something with them.
Same with Justin.
I said his name wrong.
Everybody said Bieber.
Did I say...?
I thought it was Bieber.
I don't know, I guess I don't know his name, but I got a creative...
Everybody said, 'You said his name wrong.
' I'm like, 'Whatever.
I didn't mean to.
' And Billy and Chris and Mel Gibson.
I believe we will have one of the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, and it will be even in California.
But God is sending His people ahead of time, getting them ready.
And there has been prophecy after prophecy after prophecy that I found out about through this young man, that he is finding out that...
sorry, I saw through the prophecy from this young man, he was talking, Brandon said that there's so many words that have been given about that area, that there was coming a great revival, a great harvest of souls, a great move of God in the Montecito area.
And so, I'm excited about it.
You know, I'm just like, 'Hey, we need people to pioneer work in California because I'm not the one to do it.
' And so, let's support the ones that feel called to do it.
Can I have my drink?
So, I was excited for him.
So, if you are in that area, and you're in Montecito or in that area around there, people were driving six hours because there's no Holy Ghost services around there.
All glory to Jesus.
So, we're going to pray tonight.
And so, we see Donald Trump having these meetings there.
He is determined to create peace.
We saw Hamas break the Gaza ceasefire today by doing something stupid and Israel retaliated.
So, I don't know if that whole peace thing is done or whatever, but I didn't feel it would last very long anyway.
I'm just telling y'all, I've seen a great escalation of war coming from Syria, attacking from Iran and Turkey.
And I'm telling you, I've seen a great escalation of war.
So, it's just part of the end times.
That's where we are, and Jesus is coming.
So, are we ready to pray?
Hey, did I have my communion?
We went and got my communion crackers today.
I went by and got them at the store up there, buddy.
Yeah.
My Welch's and my cracker.
I don't want the whole bag, but I'll take some.
See, I got my Welch's and I told Diana I don't want to do a chip again, but I got my little crackers.
So, you can pray with me tonight.
I told them, praise God, we got it.
I like Welch's, too.
It's a lot better than what is in those little cups.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
And Lord, we just lift up this body before you.
And we thank you, Lord.
We give all the glory to Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for your fresh touch on Diana tonight, on Paisley, on Megan.
Father, I saw the fire on my Megan tonight.
I could see your eyes moving around.
Father, I just believe that Megan is healed.
And I thank you, Lord, the same power that raised Jesus Christ from the dead dwells on the inside of me.
And I believe, Father, that today is our expiration date for the things that we need.
Now, God, I pray for every single one of them tonight that the healing power of God flow through this camera.
And we thank you, Lord, that by the stripes of Jesus, they are healed, too.
And as I pray for them, we believe that the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory are sent through this camera in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, that we can take this body and it never loses its power.
You know, it never gets old.
It never expires.
Galatians stands strong forever and ever and ever.
The word of God is alive and it never loses its power.
It's a pillar in your life.
And we believe tonight that by the stripes of Jesus, we're healed.
And he said he provided for us.
And I believe that tonight the healing power of God flows from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
And we take this body in Jesus' name.
Thank the Lord.
I thank you, Father, for the blood.
We denounce word curses, incantations, chants, voodoo, whatever it may be.
Father, and we apply the blood of Jesus over my family tonight.
We apply the blood over our health tonight.
And we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camping around and about this hotel room.
And we thank you, Lord, that if there's anything you want to show us, Father, we plead the blood over my eyes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I see only what you want me to see, I hear what you want me to hear.
And as we enter into this time, Father, you show us that which is to come, for you said that you do nothing in the earth without revealing it to the prophetic voices first.
So, Father, we believe that the healing power of God, the delivering power of God, you've come and you've set the captives free.
And I believe for every single person here tonight, Father, to get a fresh touch from Jesus, that you become more real to them than even the very air they breathe, the very water they drink, the very food they partake of.
I thank you, Father, that you become so real to them that they don't ever question in their mind whether Jesus loves them or not, that they are fully persuaded that what God has promised he's able also to perform it.
And Father, we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus, and I thank you that if God be for me, who can be against me?
I thank you, Father, that there is a covering over Diana, there's a covering over my Megan, over Paisley, and over Braden.
I plead the blood of Jesus over our finances.
And I thank you, Father, that you said in your word that there's some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.
And I believe we sow into good ground, and we don't sow into bad ground.
We sow into the ground the Holy Spirit leads us to sow into.
When he says, 'Give, and it shall be given unto us, good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, will men give unto your bosom.
' Father, I thank you that whatever we put our hands to will prosper, that we don't lack any good thing.
Not one of us, every single one of us walk in abundance of blessing.
We lack no good thing.
Why?
Because we have tither's rights.
I'm a tither, and I believe you should be a tither.
I believe with all my heart that God rebukes the devourer for my sake.
That's what he said in his word, and I'm calling it in.
People say, 'Well, Brandon, why are you believing for more?
' Because it's going to take money to get the job done.
It's like so many ministries are believing for so much, like Sister Billye's believing for stuff for her apartment thing in Israel for the people—it's Migdal is what it's called.
There's so many people believing for stuff, you understand?
And so I believe these projects, what the Holy Spirit's for the end times, for these Brush Harbor churches, for all the things that God has called us to do, is going to take money.
So that's why I'm trying to teach you all how to latch on and believe God for more.
It shouldn't just be your four and no more.
It should be that we have enough money to get the gospel out and spread the good news throughout the whole world.
And if you don't know how to believe that way because your church isn't teaching you, then I hope I can help you, because I believe in the power of seedtime and harvest, that whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
But if you don't, every seed produces after its own kind, and I just believe in that.
And so I see so much lack.
I see so many people believing for something.
And as I was listening to them at this conference believing for, I mean, it was like mega money, like more money than is like, to me, the money that they need for this project, I thought, 'Lord, how do we get that?
' It shouldn't be that the body of Christ is struggling for this.
There should be a million surplus because we're doing what you asked us to do.
Do you see what I'm saying?
So, I was just thinking about that.
And I know what the Lord has shown me about certain investments like cryptos and things, and I thought, 'Lord, we just need the fountain.
We need that to turn on for this end-time harvest.
' You know, because I know what he's shown me, but I know what he said to me about Satan.
This is Satan's wheelhouse, and he always talks to me about finances and how the devil tries to block it from the believers, tries to keep people poor, because if he can control the money, he can control stuff.
He tries to put his hand in there and block stuff.
And that's why we come as a believing believer.
And I told the Lord, 'There's seed in the ground.
' I know there's people out there that have sacrificially given, you all, to churches, to ministries, and you haven't seen your harvest yet.
So, I start going, 'Lord, what's the holdup?
Teach me, Father, so I can teach all these people.
What's the holdup to these people's prosperity?
' Because some people say, 'Well, it's a lack of faith, brother.
You know, it's like you're always praying for healing, you never get your healing.
Well, you know, it's because you might be living in sin, you might—well, it could be because you haven't spoken right.
' And there's always some kind of Christian cliché of why you haven't got your breakthrough.
'Well, it's because you're in strife with your wife, that's probably it.
' And I go, 'But what if you're not, and you're still doing all there else to do is stand?
' But I believe in speaking and calling those things that be not as though they were, and calling that money in.
But I got so tired because I was raised this way, always believing for the mailbox mentality.
'Well, we need a miracle.
Yep, Sister so-and-so, we didn't have money for food, so if Sister so-and-so doesn't give you the money, you don't have the money to get through the rest of the week.
' But you live from miracle to miracle to miracle, but you don't live in overflow, but yet you sacrificially give.
And I think, 'What is the holdup?
Where is the break?
' Where is this?
So that's where I told Diana, oh, I got to take the blood.
I apologize.
I got on something because the Holy Spirit triggered me.
I'm not going to lose this because this is going to help you.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus, and I apply the blood, and I thank you, Father, for the blood of Jesus right now.
And we thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
And I plead the blood of Jesus over this room, over me, my mind, my will, my emotions in Jesus' name.
And we make much of the blood.
Amen and amen.
Now that's so much better than those little Dixie cup things.
Okay.
So I said I got so tired because I saw my mom and dad always sowing and struggling, and as a young man, I struggled myself when I first got married.
We struggled really bad, and I got tired of it, living on food stamps, and you're sowing and you're giving.
Like I said, we were required to tithe at our church.
If we didn't tithe, we were fired.
They would look at the register of who gave what, and if you were on staff and you didn't tithe a certain amount, they'd call you into the office and say, 'Where's the tithe?
Where's your tithe at?
' And I'd say, 'I didn't have it to give.
We were trying to pay our electric.
' 'Well, you know the rules.
If you don't tithe, you don't work here.
Either you tithe and you give, or you're fired.
' So we were forced to tithe.
That's just the way it was.
You tithed before you paid your bills.
And if you didn't, you were fired working on staff at this mega-church I worked at.
And so I had a real hard problem with that.
And my heart really was cranky about it because my kids weren't doing without—we were living on food stamps and I was angry.
But one day I gave it to God, and I said, 'God, either it's true or it's not.
Either you're a blesser or this whole thing's a lie.
But I refuse to live this way anymore.
You either anoint my mind—I know I'm a man that doesn't have a lot of education.
I know my wife is a beautiful woman to me, and she's suffering.
We had to go to thrift stores to buy our kids' clothes, all our baby clothes, all of it.
We only looked for stuff at garage sales for a quarter, ten cents.
What could we do to haggle to be able to clothe our kids?
And that's the way it was forever.
That's the way even our bottles, whatever we could find, we bought everything at garage sales.
We would go to the rich neighborhoods and we would take 20 bucks, and we'd buy our kids' fall clothes with it, or summer, or whatever we had.
And we were excited if we could get it at Target because their clothes were better than Walmart's.
And so this is the way it was.
And so that's what I was trying to tell people.
I came up with the idea to do eBay—well, Diana did, it wasn't me.
I was praying in the spirit, praying in the spirit, and then one day she came to me.
She said, 'Brandon, I have an idea.
' And I thought she was nuts because we didn't have enough money to pay our electric bill.
And she said, 'Bren, I'm going to take this last $100 we have.
We don't have enough to pay the electric anyway, so they're going to cut it off in two weeks.
So let's just take that $100 and do something with it, and try to make it happen.
' And I looked at her and said, 'Are you nuts?
I can try to scrounge up $100 more to pay our electric bill, and we won't have any food money or gas money, but at least our power will be on so we don't go without power.
' She said, 'No, I feel this in my spirit.
' I said, 'Whatever you feel, hun, I'll back it.
' So that's where it started from.
But he got so tired of sowing in the offering and waiting for a miracle always, and instead he said, 'Whatever you do, I'll give you power to get wealth.
You go out and make it happen, Captain.
Stop waiting for a handout.
' It's like this, you know, when people say, 'Teach a person to fish.
If you give somebody a fish, they'll have enough for a day.
If you teach a person to fish, they'll be able to feed themselves forever,' you know, kind of a deal.
I probably butchered that, but it's similar.
But I'm trying to tell you all, out of desperation, doing eBay, Poshmark, and Mercari changed our life.
But we didn't wait for it to happen; we went out and took what's ours.
We learned to go to thrift stores.
It took us forever.
Diana and me, praying in the spirit for hours and hours—that's where I learned to develop my gift.
But it was out of desperation, and I would learn where to go, asking the Father, 'Show me where the good stuff is.
I'm looking for something that sells for more.
' So, just praying in the spirit, and eBay changed our life.
The Holy Spirit used that to change our life.
And it was to the point where, in the first six months, we made more money than we made an entire year at the church.
And it started compounding.
We just kept growing and kept doing it.
But I want to tell you, I got so tired of the—wow, I wonder what that's all about.
You hear those, please.
I got so tired of the prosperity preaching at church.
A lot of charismatic, 'Sow your $58 seed'—not that I'm knocking that, man—'Sow your 58 for your $58 miracle.
' I'm very careful; I don't touch the anointing.
But I got tired of hearing it and not seeing the fruit of it, and always not putting my boat into motion.
And so I tell you all this because I think it gets real flaky there.
There's a real flakiness to it.
I asked God, 'Show me how to flip a car.
' So I'd find a car that was on another part of town, try to find it for a cheap deal—800 bucks—and try to flip it.
Put a little bit of money—it might be a clunker that's broken—put a little bit of money into it, clean it up real good, put some new tires on it.
Maybe they're used, because I always look for used tires.
You can find some tires that were not too treaded out.
I don't know why I'm telling you, but there's some for somebody trying to figure out how to double and triple your money, asking the Holy Spirit to give you wisdom about it, do you know what I'm saying?
Not waiting for somebody always to hand you a Holy Ghost handshake.
'Here, brother, here's your $100.
' You're going, 'Oh my God, thank God I got $100, that'll get me through two days.
' And you're going, 'Oh God, I've got to believe for the next one.
' But believing God for so much more than always just waiting for your Holy Ghost handshake at church.
You know what I'm talking about—Holy Ghost handshake.
You're looking for a sister with a lot of money.
And a lot of times you see the ministry of hints.
You're walking around going, 'Well, I'm believing God for my electric bill today,' and you're talking to the rich people at church, hoping they'll have sympathy on you, that they'll want to help pay your electric bill because you're going, 'Oh God, you know, we've been struggling.
You know, we're believing God just like everybody.
' And you look at them, they're going, 'Okay, well, I know what you're doing.
You're asking for money in a polite Christianese way.
' I didn't want to be that.
I wanted to be the man with a picture in his hand.
Teach me.
Teach me to not fish with just a fishing pole.
Teach me to fish with a net, Father.
Teach me.
And that's why I continually am asking the Father, and when I hear about Magdala and these projects—and I think it's like $20 million to finish this project, it's huge money, right?
—and I go, 'That should not be.
The body of Christ should be the head, not the tail, above and not beneath.
' But I think a lot of the times because it is Satan's wheelhouse, and he tries to block the blessing from the body of Christ so much because he knows what it's going to take to get the gospel out, because why?
It's all about souls.
The more we have the money, the more we have the finances, we're able to get the job done so we can get out of here.
But if you're broke, you can't even give enough.
It's like the youth project at the church trying to finish the rest of that.
I think they need another, like, $200,000 or something more.
So, if you're in a small community, $200,000 is a lot of money.
Do you get that?
So you get a little bit here, you get a little bit there, and you're excited whenever you get enough to be able to put some cement slabs up or whatever.
But I thought, what does it take to be a paymaster?
What does it take to be that person that has the big money, like the Greens?
If it wasn't for the Greens of Hobby Lobby, ORU wouldn't exist right now.
The Holy Spirit used them.
And some people get ticked off at people being, you know, they say, 'F the rich' and all this craziness, whatever.
I mean, it's so ignorant.
If it wasn't for the Greens being used by the Holy Spirit, ORU would have closed their doors.
I think they had to give them $47 million or they would have closed their doors because of mismanagement of money.
There had to be something, but it was them bailing them out that God used to help save that whole university.
And my wife graduated there, thank God.
Thank God, it is a Christian university.
They're changing lives.
But the Lord showed me a major revival is about to happen there.
But it took somebody with some common sense that had 400 stores, Hobby Lobbies, and Mardel's all throughout the United States that was able to say, 'Here, here's a $47 million check.
' I don't know about you, but even a million-dollar check, I'd pass out.
$100,000, you know, come on.
But 47 million bucks here, do you—that is an absurd amount of money.
That's crazy money.
But they had it, and I thought we need more people like that.
But what is it going to take to get that?
First, the love of money is the root of all evil.
If you're crazy about money and God can't get it through you, He won't get it to you.
So, I really truly believe there's something more to this for the end-time harvest and the end-time wealth transfer for what we need for these next couple of months and going into the next year.
I heard one pastor talking about how we're about to have an economic crisis.
I believe there's an outpouring of finances first.
And that's what I believe for the body of Christ, that we lack nothing.
We should not be lacking anything.
We need this to get the job done.
So, I think about things all the time.
I pray and the Lord gives me these ideas.
I'm driving down the road and He'll say, 'That land over there.
If somebody buys that, they'll be able to, and within the next couple of months, that land's going to quadruple in price and it'd be worth millions.
' But that takes money to buy that.
But He's always educating me.
He's always teaching me about the end-time harvest money.
He teaches me all the time and He talks to me, and I know something's about to happen.
I know.
I just believe it because I'm like, 'Why are you telling me this stuff?
Are you just educating me?
' Practicing His presence—people go, 'What's that mean, Brandon?
What does that mean to practice His presence?
' Act like He's there.
I don't look at God as twinkle, twinkle, little star.
'Lord, you're way out there somewhere where you are.
' He's in me.
He dwells.
As He is, so are we in this world.
I act like He's just like my wife sitting next to me.
'Hey, how's your day?
I love you.
I want to talk to you.
Are you my friend?
' When I told you I ticked Him off yesterday, I knew it immediately because my broadcast was terrible.
And I said, 'Lord, why is this so bad?
' He said, 'Your attitude's bad, and I'm not going to pour that cloak on you.
It's teaching you.
You cannot have that.
You've got to repent and go on.
' And the moment I fixed it—but it caused me to align because, bottom line, folks, I was irritated because there were so many of you all irritated that came to the meeting that wanted to talk to me and I didn't know how to handle it, and there were things that I had to deal with in my heart about it.
And the Lord instructed me because I didn't know what to do.
I'm new at this.
I'm just a dude that's just getting raised up in ministry, and I'm just telling you all, I don't have all the answers and I'm asking the Holy Spirit, 'You teach me.
I need you.
I don't know what to do.
' And as I grow, and I've seen my elders, you know, that have been in this for 50 years...
like a widow woman.
She was a widow raising up four kids by herself without a husband.
He died at 48 years old, 49 years old, and she raised kids up all that rest of that time by herself and had them and everything, and God used her.
And she carried a ministry without a husband all those years.
And there's something to learn about that.
That's honorable.
I can't imagine, usually, a woman doing something by herself without a husband back there beside her to help do it.
I know Kathryn Kuhlman did some things, but she was married at some point in time.
But there's something to be said about that.
Longevity in ministry is not an easy thing.
I've seen them come and I've seen them go.
You see a spark and you go, 'What happened to them?
There was an anointing on them one time, but they're gone.
' But when you say, 'I've been in ministry and I'm a female and I've been doing this for 40, 50 years, whatever.
How long has yours been?
' you should pay attention because they're doing something where they beat the odds.
It's like you watch somebody and they've played chess perfectly.
'How did you do that?
' Only by the grace of God, by the glory of God.
That's not normal.
If it was, everybody would do it.
But God puts His hand on people and you honor it and you learn from it.
I've learned to be quiet and listen.
I may talk a lot sometimes around them because I'm trying to pull stuff from them, but I'm learning to be still and listen because you can learn a lot more with these two ears than always with your mouth.
It's the truth.
I listen to them and I go, 'There's something so deep.
' I know they don't talk a lot.
These elders don't talk a lot.
They don't.
So, I pull from them.
I try to grasp wisdom when I get these conversations with them, the more I get into ministry, because I want to learn.
I don't want to learn from the young buck.
I want to learn from the old one because they're still alive.
It's the old deer with the old antlers that's made it through all the hunting seasons that you go, 'How did you make it?
' The young buck, he's just dodged some arrows.
He's dodged some bullets and he's still going, saying, 'I've made it.
' And you're like, 'Sit down, buddy.
You don't know nothing.
' But it's the old deer that the meat's tough, and you go, 'How did you make it through all those hunting seasons?
How did you do that?
' It was by the grace of God.
There's something about listening to the elders, and I honor it and I respect it so much.
That's why I try to glean from Billy, both Billies.
I go, 'Just give me five minutes of your time.
Just—I want to know.
' Especially if you see the anointing and you sense it there.
You see people all the time, they lay hands on people, there ain't no power.
But when you get around some people who have some power, 'Teach me how you got that spark and how it lasted.
' They don't go around looking for everybody to lay hands on them.
They got it and they know how to cultivate it themselves.
And I go, 'That's it.
' It's easy to get it and have it for a little bit, but to keep it and sustain it for decades, I don't know.
I just tell you all my little things that I'm thinking about.
That's my thing before I pray.
I try to pull you along my road that I'm going down.
I'm just really open and honest with y'all.
You know, I don't have it all figured out, but I watch the elders and I watch the people and I listen to their conversations, and I think about what they think about going on because I know what the Father has told me I'm going to do and I don't have a clue how I'm going to get there.
In fact, it freaks me out.
It freaks Diana out, and I go, "It'll only be by the grace.
" All what I'm doing right now is all God.
It's not that I'm a polished speaker.
It's not that I have some kind of something special.
He showed me something, and the cloak comes on, and I tell you what's coming because he says to do it, and I pray it lasts.
I just say, "Okay, God.
" But if it don't, I act like yesterday: I pull the video, I turn it off, and I say, "We're going on our way," because it was stinky.
There was no anointing.
I feel his presence right now.
That's why I keep talking.
I feel him.
And when I feel him, I go, "Oh, in his presence there's fullness of joy.
" And there's so many people that I've come across, even at this meeting, that are so desperate for so much.
It's like this one man came up to me: "I'm not letting you go until you give me my blessing.
" I don't know what to give.
I don't have nothing for you.
I don't know what to even tell you.
But so many people are so desperate.
So this is my time to tell you we're in the end times.
We're here.
And it's amazing to be able to talk to another seer tonight that is seeing, and has contacts with the government, and is able to say, "Listen, Brandon, you're right on target.
All glory to Jesus.
" So, I've had some amazing prophetic words, and they give you hope to keep you going, to tell you this is what God's called you to do and this is what you're going to do, and it's going to be so all this and all that, and you go, "Okay, God, you know, but I just trust you, but I need impartation.
" And I go, and I seek it, and I get it, and I grab a hold of it like a bulldog on a bone.
And I'm saying, "I'm going to fight and contend for what's mine, what God has for me so I can give it to the people, so that when I get on the other side, he says, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest.
'" Because we're so close.
And I am sowing my seed for the thousand years.
Most people have no idea.
They're sowing.
Every day you wake up, every time you go to bed, whatever you do, all you do in word and indeed, do all to the glory of God.
I'm telling you, you're sowing for the thousand years.
It's not even about them.
A lot of this—I've seen into the thousand multiple times.
And I don't want to be a janitor over there like I was here.
I said, "Please, Lord, I don't want to do it on both sides.
Thousand years.
" "Well, Brandon, you didn't qualify.
Go over there and clean them.
" I said, "Okay, I'll do it for you.
" But, you know, I'm going to try to say, "Please, let me do something else.
" So, all right.
Well, that's enough tonight.
That was good.
Let me pray with y'all.
Now, we can jump in the river.
I feel him.
The pool.
What time is it?
How long did I talk?
Fifty-nine minutes.
Oh my goodness, an hour again.
Brandon 103.
Well, hopefully it blessed you.
Don't you get tired of not knowing what to do with the money?
People want to struggle all the time.
"Well, you know, we're supposed to be poor, brother.
" Baloney!
That is ignorance.
We're not supposed to be poor.
We're supposed to be the head, not the tail, above and not beneath.
It's ignorance, and people want to wallow around in poverty.
God does not want us poor.
He wants us to—"Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
" I like that.
Welch's.
Is that wonderful?
I know it's probably not good for you, probably.
Father, we just love you.
Glory to God.
For the Lord is good, and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good, and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to me, oh Father.
Great is your faithfulness to me.
Great is your mercy and your loving kindness.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
For great is the faithfulness of the Lord Jesus Christ on me and my wife and my children.
Take us home, Lord.
Come and get us, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for you are—your drawing nigh.
Father, for your return is drawing nigh.
We bless you, Lord.
I love it when he—I feel him.
I'm so thankful that when it's not there yesterday, it makes you go, "Oh goodness, what do you do?
Without Jesus, I can do nothing.
For you are the King of Kings and you are the Lord of Lords.
" Breathe.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
Come breathe upon me, breath of God.
I feel you, Lord.
I acknowledge your presence.
As I enter into your goodness, unto your name, oh most high, yielding to the spirit, walking in your love.
Jesus, I adore your holy name.
Come breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
Oh Father, come breathe upon us, oh Lord, unto your name, oh most high, yielding to the spirit, walking in your love.
Jesus, I adore your holy...
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill our hearts.
Let each vessel offer up to you the sacrifice of praise.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory, Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory, Jesus, you alone.
Sing it.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Oh Father, somebody's thyroid just got healed.
I saw it, and it was lit up right here.
And the Lord said the thyroid gland—all that thyroid is being healed right now miraculously by the power of the Holy Ghost.
Whoever is believing for a thyroid, the Lord just showed me a thyroid just completely being restored.
And you're going to start to feel different after this day.
I'm telling you, I just saw this thyroid in the spirit, and you're getting a brand new thyroid all up in here.
I saw it, and the Lord highlighted that before me.
He said, "The thyroid is being healed right now.
" You alone are holy.
Yep.
It's getting new blood supply to it.
It's actually getting new blood supply.
I see the veins.
I see there's blood flow.
There's blood flow.
There's new blood flow coming.
And it's like it's glowing.
It's glowing.
This thyroid is completely glowing, and it's starting to get brand new blood flow.
All of it's being restored.
It's all being restored.
New body parts.
You need to receive it right now.
I see new body parts coming into this thyroid.
That's like a brand new thyroid.
Hypothyroidism is being healed.
That's right.
Oh, glory to God for that.
I just saw for you.
That's glorious.
And your mind's going to start to feel clear.
It's been a heaviness and a fog on your brain, and that's lifted off right now.
It's lifting off.
It's lifting off right now—a complete restoration of all that you need.
It'll go into the blood, it's going to go into your mind, all that you need within three days.
Within three days, you'll see the complete manifestation of everything.
All through the blood, everything, the hormones regulating.
I see a three-day window.
The Lord shows me three days.
I saw the number three.
And the Lord said three days: Monday, Tuesday, and by Wednesday, you're going to see a great difference in your body.
Do you hear me?
I saw three days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, for clearness.
Clearness in your thoughts, clearness in your mind, the way you're able to function in your remembering things.
I see a clearness coming to you.
And it's going to even regulate your weight.
This has been affecting how you've been gaining weight, with the regulation of your...
Oh, there's so much with the brain, you know.
That's really interesting how much.
Oh, glory to God, it's going to affect your whole life better.
I'm excited for you.
Isn't that wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Such a blessing when I see what he does for his people.
I'm excited for you.
Whoever this is, I want you to email us and tell us about your testimony.
That'll be exciting.
I'll be excited.
I want to hear about it, especially by the third day.
I want to know about Wednesday, how this is feeling, how your brain's feeling.
There is a spinal cord—your spinal cord is being healed.
I see the nerves.
There's someone right now.
I see your spinal cord, and it's going down your back.
And it's actually—this is what's so interesting about this vision—it has all these nerve endings and it goes out like this, right?
And it's going towards your tailbone, but then it's glowing.
The spinal cord is glowing like you have one of those neon lights, like one of these lights that I have on me right now.
It's actually glowing, that spinal cord right now, but it's a blue light.
It's like a blue-greenish light that is glowing on the spinal cord.
And the Lord's highlighting this to me, and he says, 'Someone there, you have nerve damage.
You have nerve damage, and you have a healing going in your body right now.
' And it's closer to your tailbone area.
It's right in the middle of your back, right?
Okay.
So, you have the middle of the back.
So, it's down just below where your hipline is.
It's right in there.
I see the hipbone and it's all highlighted right now in this vision.
And I can see, and the Lord said he's touching this spot right here by your tailbone, where the tailbone in the middle of the back is.
You're getting touched right there.
You have some kind of damage there from your spine.
Yep, that's what the Lord says.
I hear it so clear.
I see it so clear.
You're being restored radically right now, whoever you are.
That's really cool, isn't it?
I love to see that kind of stuff for people because they've been suffering in pain.
Are you okay, Braden?
You okay?
You alone are worthy.
You alone are holy.
You deserve the glory, Jesus, you alone.
You alone are worthy.
You alone are holy.
There's a young girl that has disappeared and the family—there's a family and you're believing God for this young girl.
She looks like a white girl.
She's a white girl, and I see her.
She ran away from home, and the family is praying and you're asking God to bring this young girl home.
And the Lord wants me to tell you, your child is safe.
Your child is safe, and the Lord's bringing this child home.
She's acting rebellious.
She went away with this boy, and I'm telling you, she's safe.
That's to give you peace so you can sleep.
This child is safe.
His hand is on her.
He's heard your prayers.
You're up at night consistently worried, and you have not been able to sleep.
And the Lord told me to tell you, your child is safe.
Your child is safe.
This girl is safe.
She's safe.
I see her, and she's in a place with a lot of lights.
I see lights.
I see a Waffle House.
She's by a Waffle House.
I see the Waffle House very clear.
There's a Waffle House here.
This young girl is by a Waffle House.
Where?
What is that over there in the corner?
Is that a Wendy's?
It looks like a Wendy's.
Can you turn that dryer off for a second, love?
I'm looking over, it's distracting me.
Thank you, love.
Yeah, it looks—okay.
So, there's a Waffle House here, and I see there's another restaurant right over here, and it looks similar to a Wendy's.
Is that a—I can't make the M.
It's hard for me to make that restaurant out, but I know this one is a Waffle House.
Lord, what is that?
I see—okay, so I see blue lights.
I see a white light and I see the red, and it's blurry.
It's not so clear to me, but I see a blue.
It's a light blue, white, red, and it looks like it's on a sign like this, but it's faded.
But I see the Waffle House.
Yep, everything is okay.
We thank you, Lord, that you convict her right now to come home.
And we rebuke the drugs.
I see drugs involved.
Drugs.
Bad drugs.
Addictions to drugs.
It's related to this boy.
That's what's got her hooked.
So, we come against that spirit of addiction that's driving her to do what she's doing.
Rebellion is coming from these drugs.
I believe it's methamphetamines, like the stuff—I see the track marks, doing the drugs.
We call her sober.
We call her sober and delivered from methamphetamine.
Do you understand?
That's what I just got in the spirit.
We call her delivered from methamphetamines.
It's the drugs.
We thank you, Lord.
We give you glory that you delivered her today.
Hallelujah.
We call her mind flooded with light.
That demonic spirit, I see you.
You've got to let her go.
I see you.
He's trying to talk back at me.
I see him.
I told him you've got to let her go.
There's trees around there.
I see a tree.
We call you home today, hun.
Go home to your mom and daddy.
Go home to your mom.
I speak to your heart.
And what has deceived you so greatly, we call you delivered today in the name of Jesus.
And you go home.
You go home right now.
You go home right now in Jesus' name.
Call them right now.
We call you home in Jesus' name.
Glory to God.
I know—I say, okay, you can move on now.
I see the Dallas Cowboy stadium.
I see the Dallas Cowboys stadium, Arlington area.
Arlington.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Lord.
So, what is going on, Father, with the Dallas Cowboys and all that area right there?
What am I seeing about Dallas Cowboys?
About the stadium?
It's right there by Six Flags.
Where is all that right there?
He said, 'Remind them of the one building in Chicago and a great distraction in another.
' We had them on the run.
The one main guy, I see him so clear again.
The one main guy, he's always steps ahead because he's being warned before they get there.
There's a rat within.
I see it so clear.
The rat within.
There's more rats within.
He's running trying to hide because of the rat within.
I see them.
The people, they get there right after it's too late.
So, Father, I want you to focus on this.
We want to catch this man.
He has an informant.
And in this informant, the informant is warning this man before the good guys get there to get him because this guy's a rat.
And we want this man, for he's the head of the snake in this area.
He's the head of the snake.
And if we can get this head, we will get the tail.
Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you?
Because I can't say too much, but I want you to pray in the spirit with me that we catch this one man.
We catch this man.
This one man is the boss, and there's two others behind him.
They're dressed in black.
So, if you help me, I believe we can get the rat, the mole, the mole that's leaking.
He's good at his job and he's very clever on how he does this.
But the Lord wants this man caught.
There's two others, but there's one.
And he says, 'This is a head of a snake.
' So, if we can do this, we'll get rid of one bad man out of this equation, and it will be like a domino concerning other major activities in our country because he's an informant.
He's the one that delegates.
That's a good word: delegate.
Two more men, but they're behind him.
One man is the boss.
He's dressed in solid black.
He has a black hoodie on, a zip-up hoodie.
I can see him, but I can't go into detail any more than that.
I'm sorry.
The Lord says, "Be still.
" We want to pray for this to be caught.
Let's pray this together.
Let's just pray for five minutes here.
We can do this.
And we're going to catch them.
We want him to be found so that he gets misinformation and that the people catch on to the rat, the mole, and are able to go and give him false information and catch this dude.
Call confusion in the camp.
Father, we thank you for confusion in the camp.
We call confusion in the camp, just like you did in the Bible times where they turned on themselves.
Father, when they heard Gideon's army blowing their horns and they said, "Sound the alarm," and Gideon, he was up there.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I'm seeing a lot of detail right now.
I can't talk about it.
Help me, Holy Spirit, to never forget this.
I need to remember.
My head's on fire.
Papa is saying they're underground.
No way.
He said, "Don't tip him off.
" The base is very detailed.
I've seen a lot, though.
I can tell you where these guys are.
I don't know what city this is, though.
I don't know what city it is.
Lord, I thank you.
I'm not afraid.
I need wisdom.
I'm bold as a lion, Lord.
I see so clearly.
I thank you for this, Lord.
I see it.
The Lord said, "Just pray into it.
It's not a big deal.
" He just said, "Just Brandon, just pray into it.
They'll never find them without a key card.
Yes, they will.
We call them exposed.
We call this base, this thing, exposed in the name of Jesus.
I see who is helping.
Father, I ask you right now for every one of these politicians to be brought to justice.
I ask you for these judges and these people, this law enforcement, to be brought and exposed for who they really are.
I ask you, Father, for every single one of them.
I see why.
Oh, what a tangled web they weave.
All hidden things be revealed in the name of Jesus.
I see the Justice Department is right on their heels.
Hear me.
The blonde lady, I see her.
Is her name Pam Bondi?
We pray for her to have wisdom.
Is this the woman I'm looking at right now?
I see this lady, this woman.
Pray for her.
Is she Attorney General?
Okay, I want you to hear me: pray for her.
We must protect this woman.
You must pray for her safety.
I see something I cannot talk about; it's very clear.
You must pray for her protection.
I see a bounty on her head, but it's underground.
You must pray for that woman's protection.
I see like the old-timey westerns where they say "$50,000 reward" on a billboard and it has the face of the bad guy, like a cartoon.
You know what I'm talking about?
This is what I see.
Oh, there's more than one face.
They have a hit list for every one of these people in the cabinet, and there's a certain amount of money.
I see who is funding it.
I cannot say any of this outside.
I can say pray for her safety.
Pray for her.
You must pray for this woman.
I pray a hedge of the blood of Jesus around her.
I pray protection around this woman right now in the name of Jesus, and that the angels of the Lord are camped around her right now in the name of Jesus.
I call protection all around her and her vehicle.
I see an SUV.
I pray protection around this black SUV she's in.
I pray protection around this woman.
The number that is on her for $50,000—could be another zero, 500—but I see the number five and it goes faded, 00, on the billboard.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over this woman.
She's good at her job.
Give her supernatural wisdom about the rats.
She's uncovering things that are too close.
Do you understand?
She has something.
We must protect her in the spirit.
She's about to uncover a network that is very bad.
She has it, and it's like a football.
It looks like a spiral football—that's only the thickness—but it looks like one of those Debbie cakes.
It has the cream in the middle.
I know that sounds funny, folks, but it's not.
This is like a spiral circle, it's layers, and she's going to uncover the layers.
She's going to expose these layers.
You must protect her in the spirit realm.
She doesn't know what to do with what she has.
We pray for her.
We pray a hedge of protection around this woman.
Thank you, Father, for your angels watching over her.
The Lord said, "I've got this.
" That's why he just said, "Brandon, I've got this.
" And when he says that to me, that's my assurance.
I know I can release it because he said, "I've got this.
" I always wait for it.
He always has everything, ladies and gentlemen, but I wait for him to say certain things to me.
It goes clear down to the southern border.
She needs more information.
It's not enough.
I hear, "It's not enough.
" She needs a little bit more to make it enough.
That's the word I hear.
She says, "I just need a little bit more," and it's sealed.
And this is serious, and it will be nailed shut.
It will be nailed tight, shut close, done.
No squirming.
It's done.
And it's involving this certain man.
I see his face.
Everyone knows who this man is.
We just need a little bit more.
Can I say his name?
Oh my goodness.
I'm seeing Braden.
This man used to be in the Biden administration.
He was in the Biden administration and he gave Trump a lot of trouble.
I see him, and he is guilty.
Don't put his name in there.
I don't want my livestream getting taken down.
So if they're trying to guess who he is, please leave it alone.
The Lord said leave it alone.
Don't get my livestream taken down by YouTube.
Do you want to keep praying this with me?
I just can't say some of this stuff.
It's on that drive.
You'll find it.
Guide her, Lord.
It's right there on that drive.
Open her eyes that she sees it tonight in her sleep, even in her sleep.
Holy Spirit, show her.
Show her through the back door of this computer software.
I call her to see it, to get it through the back door.
He tried to erase it, he tried to hide it, but she'll get it through the back door.
I see a back door.
Now, Father, I pray a hedge of blood around me, my wife, and my children.
And I put angels around us, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that translucent angels are watching over me, my wife, and my kids.
I fear no evil.
I fear no evil, for you are with me.
I thank you for uncovering this and bringing this man to justice.
You bring these people, for it is a web they have weaved—a deep web.
This goes way back.
I see the blood of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus.
We laugh at what the devil had planned.
We laugh at what you have said.
We will not have it.
We have the victory, and we pray from the victory side, and we receive everything that you have for us.
Every one of these rats will be exposed and brought to justice, and we call Pam Bondi protected in Jesus' name.
We call her a hedge around and about.
I don't know if she's married, if she has kids, I don't know, but I call a hedge around and about this woman in Jesus' name because I heard her name specifically.
I saw her face and the Lord said, 'You must protect her.
' This is so much bigger than what anybody could ever comprehend.
It's actually shocking to me.
We thank you for President Trump today.
We pray over his family.
We pray over his wife and his marriage, over his health and all the witchcraft that's been assigned against him to try to take him down.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around around and about him in the name of Jesus.
We pray over President Trump in the name of Jesus that the angels of the Lord are protecting his heart, protecting his arteries, his neck, his blood flow, and his feet.
I thank you, Lord, that he will live long and finish strong and finish this job that he has to do.
I pray over his marriage.
I pray over his love life.
And I thank you, Father, that they have a refining, that they would come back together stronger than they ever have before, Father.
They'd finish this journey together, not apart.
I pray over Barron.
I pray over Don Jr.
, over Eric and the girls, Ivanka and Missy.
And I pray even over Kai.
And I thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camping around and about this family.
And that a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it would not come nigh them.
Your angels are around and about them, and Father, the glory of the Lord is around them and you have called them to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And I thank you, Father, that their Secret Service has their eyes doubly open.
They're able to see, and they're able not just with the human natural eye, but Father, with the spirit, they're able to see what's coming like a prophetic eye.
They're able to see with a prophetic eye, Father, to know how to protect our nation.
Now, Father, I pray over the Israel conflict, and we call peace over Jerusalem.
We call peace and blessing over the area.
And we thank you, Lord, that Israel is forever.
Israel is forever.
And we thank you, Father, that the blessing of the Lord is on Israel, Father, and that they have peace over there and the Gaza war and all this is over.
And that, Father, the people have peace in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels that are going before and protecting them, Father, and for what I've seen trying to come with terrorist attacks and a war within.
I thank you, Father, that this does not happen.
That people will not lose their lives by the tens of thousands.
You know, it's interesting when you go to pray against something like that and then all of a sudden it's pulled back and the Lord says this, like you're praying into that, and that's all right.
You know, when I was praying, I could feel it.
It's almost like you can feel a balloon getting deflated, and it's interesting how when I flow, I can see it.
The main flow of what he wants to do is pray for Pam Bondi and praying over these people.
And even, oh, listen to this: pray for Alex Jones.
Pray for his safety.
Pray for Alex Jones' safety.
I see it.
He's going to uncover some things.
You say, 'Oh, no.
He's deep state.
He's this.
He's that.
' I see his heart changing.
I see something.
I see inside of him an awakening, an awakening unto God.
Alex Jones is going to have an awakening unto God, a major, major awakening inside of him.
Alex Jones is going to have a major awakening unto God moment.
There's something about to happen with this man.
You need to hear this: God's going to spare his life.
God is going to spare his life.
And incidents like Charlie Kirk, God is going to spare his life.
I see his life being spared.
And he's going to have an awakening unto God in the days ahead.
Watch this.
Alex Jones is going to have an awakening unto God.
He'll become very much a vocal presence, cleaning things up and becoming more awakened.
I can only tell you what I see in the vision.
You say, 'Brandon, does all the visions you see come to pass?
' Not all of them the way I see it.
They're prayed away.
Things are moved.
But I'm telling you, you'll see it in the news.
It's a prophetic lens, ladies and gentlemen.
It's not prophetic.
It's seeing beyond, of knowing how to pray into something.
Most people say, 'You're a prophet, Brandon.
' I have never said that.
I see in the future how to pray for things.
And I'm telling you what's coming.
You must pray for him.
You must pray for Alex Jones.
You must pray for this man.
Same with Tucker Carlson, but it's weaker—it's not as strong.
Something he's going to uncover.
There's something here they try to silence, and this time they will be about to succeed to silence him forever.
But the Lord will intervene.
There's something here for me.
Sabba, how long, hun?
Two hours.
Exactly.
Two hours and three minutes.
Isn't it amazing?
I can feel the shifting.
He says, 'You're about ready to close.
' And I said, 'Okay.
' I've said what I was supposed to say.
So, we pray for over an hour.
Lord, is that all you want to say tonight?
He said you can close with this.
Pray for the economy there.
It's all by design.
It's all by design—the government shutdown.
I see the Federal Reserve.
It's all by design.
That's what he said.
It will give us what we're looking for.
Do you understand?
It will give us what we're looking for—a spark.
A spark.
Close in this month.
Spark.
More points.
More points in the housing market, the big building business market.
Remember what he said?
The pig—he's walking a pig.
I see it again.
I see Trump walking a pig.
He's walking the pig with lipstick on the pig.
He's parading the pig, and he's holding the interest rates, and he's talking about the housing market, and there's a green arrow.
He's holding this.
He's walking a pig.
Oh my goodness.
The Lord wants to give you a window.
The Lord wants to give you the window.
New York is in trouble.
A great shaking is coming to New York—a great shaking is coming to New York with the real estate market, with all of it.
I see many, many, many on Billionaires' Row fleeing.
They're fleeing.
They'll leave Row.
They're going down to Miami.
They're going to Miami.
Billionaires, the big businessmen, they're leaving, and they're going to go to Miami.
They'll go to Texas.
, they're wanting to pack their stuff up and they're leaving.
I see them fleeing like rats on a ship.
I see people with really nice suits on—really nice, I'm talking big money—leaving.
And I see West Palm Beach.
A great change is coming.
Wealth transfers, like wealth coming from this state to this state.
Gavin's days are numbered.
And I'm not talking about death.
I'm talking about removal.
Say, when, Brandon, when do you see this happen?
All I saw was him fading away concerning California.
You understand?
So I'm going to, for instance, say, 'Well, it's political violence.
' No, that's not what I'm saying.
People are getting frustrated even more.
You understand?
Like, they're frustrated.
The rich are getting very annoyed.
It's almost like he fades into the background.
He's trying to just save face because he wants to run for president.
You understand?
He wants to take the office of the United States of America in 2028.
He wants his influence to grow, to come out.
I'm telling you, with Booker—you understand who I'm talking about?
The African-American man—Gavin, I'm telling you, will try to get support, wanting their name in the hat.
That's my time.
This man is dark.
Booker, too.
It's almost like they're drunk on their own success.
They're drunk on their own power.
They don't even realize what people really think of them.
And there's a group of people like us; we don't like them.
But they're drunk on their own success, their own pride, blinded by their own ignorance of who they are inside.
But there's a face coming out of the dark.
Who is that?
It's a woman.
There's a woman whose face is coming out of the dark.
I can't make her out.
I see a portal, and a face is coming out of the dark.
Who is that?
This is for the Democratic Party.
They're trying to groom somebody.
It's like they're walking with a major limp.
Too much momentum within the Republican Party.
Glory to God.
Wow.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you can end it there.
' We love you, Lord.
We love you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for your voice.
We give you praise and glory, oh, for telling us the great story, Father, of what's coming, Father, telling us that Your Son's return is coming soon.
Glory to God.
Remember, there'll be faces that you've never seen before rise up in the days ahead.
Similar to how Barack Obama came out of nowhere.
A light came up, the senator came up, and he exploded into light.
The reason why I saw his name is because immediately I saw him in a vision.
Remember how Barack Obama did it?
It was like boom, and his fame came overnight.
So many people loved him.
He was Chicago, right?
Chicago, and it came out of nowhere.
It's like, Senate.
Boom.
I believe this one will try to be anointed by the devil.
To be anointed by the devil.
Christians, you better take things more seriously.
That's what He just said.
You better take things more seriously.
We will not lose this nation.
It will not become a goat nation.
We will remain a sheep nation.
And do not think, because we have this window of opportunity with President Trump, that you can let your guard down.
We occupy until He comes.
We must pray against these things.
We have a window, and the Lord has blessed us with this window.
But do not squander it.
Do not put your head back in the sand and go, 'Well, it's okay.
We're going home in the rapture.
' We occupy until He comes.
No man knows the day or the hour.
I have what I feel is a pull to within three and a half years.
But what if not?
We just go, 'Well, we let go of the rope.
We lose the nation again.
' No.
The devil has a plan.
But God has a bigger plan.
We must pray out the plan.
Do not give up and go, 'Well, it's not my problem anymore.
We have Trump.
He needs our help,' and Pam Bondi needs our help.
Do you understand?
That's why we have this channel.
We must pray for their protection and for them to have wisdom on how to nail this thing closed.
These people are like slippery little snakes.
They're lizard worms.
They're able to get out of things real easy.
But you want their case to be firm and to be nailed tight so that whenever it goes to trial, they won't be able to say they got away.
It has to be nailed tight.
It's not enough yet.
As the Lord says, 'It's not enough yet.
' You must continue to pray for her, but she needs protection.
This is very serious.
Glory to God.
That was heavy tonight, son.
I said a lot.
I appreciate every single one of you joining me tonight.
I believe we did a lot of work, but we didn't scratch the surface of what I saw.
This is very dark.
The web of this is very dark, and it goes clear to the southern border.
Oh, Jesus.
I just can't let it go.
We must pray for her.
We pray over Alex Jones tonight.
We lift him up before You.
We pray a hedge of protection around them.
We thank You, Lord, for the angels of the Lord that are camped around and about them.
Thank You, Father, for Your angels.
Lord, we send angels' aid and assistance all around them in Jesus' name.
Angels' aid and assistance.
All on that list—this hit list.
See, it's underground chatter, and there's a list of people, and there's a bounty on their heads, on each one.
Some are priced higher than others.
There's somebody big funding this, each one, and even Supreme Court justices.
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
There's a list, and it's underground chatter, and there's a bounty, and we must protect them by the blood of Jesus.
I don't know how these people communicate.
I believe I have a glimpse of it, but they're looking for somebody who has courage in their eyes.
They want to bring instability to the nation to bring in radical jihad.
And we have the greatest leaders that we've had in decades over our beautiful nation.
We must pray for them.
They're under attack.
We must pray for them, that they're protected by the blood of Jesus.
Do you understand?
You say, 'Well, it's not my problem.
' No, it is your problem.
God has given you authority to pray over your area.
And you pray over our law enforcement.
You pray over our FBI.
You pray over our Homeland Security and our Secret Service.
You intercede for them.
It's your job, especially because as America goes, so goes the world.
It's so important.
You cannot just go, 'Well, it's your problem, Brandon.
It's your problem, Billy, or whoever.
' No, we're the body of Christ.
We're a team.
We're all part of the body.
Not one of us is more special than the other.
But I'm telling you, from what I just saw that I can't even talk about, you must pray for these people.
This is very serious.
It's not just about Donald's family.
I saw something more tonight, and we must pray for them.
And I know I keep saying that, but I'll keep going over this and over this and over this.
Pray over Giuliani.
Praying over these people.
Pray protection each day.
Mike Huckabee, pray over Mike Huckabee.
You understand?
Pray for his safety.
Radical people with deep pockets.
And you know what I think right now?
Look, listen to me.
If they would pass laws to regulate crypto—not trying to put their finger in the pie, but these bozos are using this for all that underground money.
All that money transferring around, all of it, it's under the surface.
It's like I see a tentacle here, I see a tentacle here, I see a tentacle here.
And this one has sex trafficking on it.
This has fentanyl on it.
This is human trafficking, even body part trafficking.
Like organs, Pizzagate.
Oh my God, my God, these people are going to be so judged.
I don't even know how you could forgive this.
They are sick.
I've seen enough tonight.
I'm tired.
Sick, man.
What is wrong with people, man?
They're so messed up.
God just showed me something very heavy.
I love these people.
God, their day of judgment is coming.
You touch the children, I'm telling you, your day is coming.
They think they can get away with it now, son, but it would have been better for them never to be born at all.
It makes me angry.
I don't understand what they're doing with that.
It's through witchcraft.
There is a lot of darkness associated with it.
Jesus is coming.
That's all that I keep focused on.
Yep, the world is going to get darker, but the church is going to get lighter.
And I thought, I don't care about all that.
I can't look at it.
I got a little glimpse of that and that was enough for me.
I don't want to look at that ever again, Lord.
I don't want to look at that.
Good Lord, I plead the blood.
Man, there are so many different directions I can pray now.
That's why there are so many of us, right?
It's not all on me.
I tell you, and you all can pray about it.
I have my plate full.
I just felt really impressed to pray for Alex Jones.
I can't keep crying because it makes my nose run, and the cold front blew through tonight and blew some different allergies in on me.
It's made my nose run and my voice sound like that.
But I feel good.
I just need a first freeze.
I need it to freeze, and whenever it freezes, things will die.
Well, glory to God.
It's heavy.
I'm done.
I'm tired.
That was a lot.
And so, you all have a lot to pray over.
It's not all on me.
I bring it to you.
But I'm going to tell you, if you don't pray for Pam Bondi, you don't pray for Alex Jones, you don't pray for these people, there's a lot there that I'll never be able to talk about publicly.
But I saw a lot tonight, and I only told you the surface.
I'm telling you, by the power of God, we can stop these people.
We can uncover and take the head of the snake.
And I believe Jesus gets the victory.
We get the victory.
We have the victory that overcomes the world, even our faith.
Jesus is Lord over America.
Jesus is Lord over the southern border.
Jesus is Lord over MS-13.
Jesus is Lord over the FBI.
Jesus is Lord over corrupt government officials, over our judges, and over corrupt people in this country.
All hidden things will be revealed by the power of the blood of Jesus.
I believe with all my heart God didn't show me this stuff just to show it to me, but to tell you we have authority.
And if we take our authority, we will have a victory.
Do you understand?
He didn't tell it to me to sit there and go, 'Well, Brandon, this is what's happening.
There's nothing you can do about it.
' God does not speak to hear himself talk.
He speaks to make real things happen in a real world.
Remember that real things happen in a real world.
And He's going to show us that which is to come because His Son is coming soon.
And the revival is coming.
But we must expose this darkness for what it is.
Glory to God.
We have authority.
It upsets you when you see kids involved in things.
I have little kids of my own, and I want to know where the parents of these children I saw are.
Where are these moms and dads?
Why am I seeing these children going through this?
There were so many of them.
Where are your mom and dad?
What happened to these kids?
Parents, how is this happening?
I don't get it.
Why would you do that?
Glory to God.
I haven't felt the anointing lift off of me.
You know, it's like Billy said, sometimes you just have to unhook.
It just keeps going.
I can stay on the vein for a long time.
I know you're tired, son.
It's like she said, 'You've just got to unhook, Brandon.
You've got to unhook.
' I get it.
But boy, it makes me so mad when I see the stuff I've seen tonight.
Do you feel like we pushed enough deep in your spirit?
I mean, we could pray into that, but just what I saw in New York for hours uncovering all that stuff I saw, it just makes me...
they think they're sly, and I just go, 'Father, I thank you for President Trump.
You give him wisdom.
Give him wisdom.
' Father, visit him in the midnight hour.
Give President Trump wisdom, Father, in Jesus' name.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
Well, if you all could help me like, subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs-up button, and do all that it takes to get the word out, we truly appreciate every single one of you who are helping us as you come and pray with us.
I believe prayer changes things.
I appreciate every single one of you.
You've loved on my family so much, and you're so gracious to come here all the time and pray with us.
And so I believe there's much more to uncover and there's much more to be praying about in the days ahead.
It's so important.
There's so much darkness that I have seen tonight, but I know that Jesus didn't show it to us so that we could just see it.
It's so that we can change things.
And this is to be continued for sure.
There's much here.
So, thank you for being a part of this and being part of this prayer night.
I've got to get up early in the morning.
So, I'm so thankful.
Like I said, God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.